# Rainydays

An online shop selling men's and women’s rain jackets. They are designed for a range of different outdoor activities such as hiking.

## Slogan
Pushing the Comfort Zone

## Target audience
Men and women aged 30 to 50 whose interests are: being outdoors, hiking, exploring, skiing, camping, canoeing

## Unique selling points
The jackets are mid-range in price and emphasize durability and being suitable for a range of different weather types ensuring customers are comfortable whatever adventure they go on.

## Site architecture
* Home
* List of Jackets
* A jacket specific page showing the jacket
* A checkout page
* A checkout success
* About
* Contact

## Requirements
---
### Part 1 HTML & CSS
The site needs to have every page listed in the site architecture on your chosen brief. Certain functionality that requires JavaScript can be mimicked for now, for example a log in page could link across from the ‘Sign in’ button.
* The HTML should be semantic and neat.
* The CSS should follow the DRY principle and be easy to read.
* The website should be responsive and look good at every screen size with no horizontal scrollbars. Use Flexbox and CSS Grids where appropriate. Please do not use a CSS framework like Bootstrap, we want to see that you can build responsive sites without the help of a framework.
* The site should be WCAG compliant and accessibility taken into account.
* Each page should have a unique meta description, title, and h1.
* You should not use copied code in your submission. All code submitted must be written by you. You may use external sources to show you how to achieve specific effects, and these should be included in your report.
---
### Part 2 interactive Design
In this assignment you will work on your cross-course project to:
* Ensure that the website is user-centric.
* Ensure that the website is focused on helping users achieve their goals clearly and simply.
* The purchase/cart functionality
* The contact form with JavaScript validation
---
### Part 3 Content Management Systems
In this part, will be using the WordPress REST API to manage the products for your website deployed on Netlify. Instead of having the products hardcoded into the HTML, you will use JavaScript to fetch the list of WordPress products and display them on your site.
* An installation of WordPress on your web host and ensure you set it to be headless so that the front-end generated by WordPress is hidden from the public.
* Add the WooCommerce plugin and add products onto the site. There should be at least five products added to the site.
* Using JavaScript, fetch the data from the WordPress REST API and add it to your website in the relevant sections of your cross-course project. If you have a ‘Featured’ section, find a way to flag ‘Featured items’ on WordPress and pull that onto your pages.
* Using query string parameters allow the user to click on an individual item in the product list and take them to see that product, with the specific data for that product on the page. If your site doesn’t currently have a product specific page, please add one.
* If you have filters or sorts on your website, try sorting through the results you’re getting back from the API. For more information, you can watch and read the below:
